Documentation: add Azure workload identity example (#8332)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configure-object-storage-backend.md

You must disable [hierarchical namespace](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/data-lake-storage-namespace), otherwise Grafana Mimir will leave empty directories behind when deleting blocks.

> Mimir requires the following configuration to authenticate to and access Azure blob storage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mimir requires the following configuration to authenticate to and access Azure Blob Storage:
```

> Mimir requires the following configuration to authenticate to and access Azure blob storage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mimir requires the following configuration to authenticate to and access Azure Blob Storage:
```

> - Storage Account name specified in the configuration file as `storage_account_name` or in the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A storage account name specified in the configuration file as `storage_account_name` or in the `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` environment variable 
```

> - Credentials for accessing the Storage Account that are one of the following:
>   - Storage Account access key specified in the configuration file as `storage_account_key` or in the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY`
>   - An Azure Managed Identity that is either system or user assigned. To use Azure Managed Identities, you'll need to set `use_managed_identity` to `true` in the configuration file or set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity you'd like to use.
>     - For a system-assigned managed identity, no additional configuration is required.
>     - For a user-assigned managed identity, you'll need to set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity in the configuration file.
>   - Via Azure Workload Identity. To use Azure Workload Identity, you'll need to enable Azure Workload Identity on your cluster, add the required label and annotation to the service account and the required pod label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One of the following credentials for accessing the storage account:
  - A storage account access key specified in the configuration file as `storage_account_key` or in the `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` environment variable 
  - An Azure managed identity that is either system or user-assigned. To use Azure managed identities, set `use_managed_identity` to `true` in the configuration file or set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity you want to use.
    - For a system-assigned managed identity, you do not need to perform additional configurations.
    - For a user-assigned managed identity, set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity in the configuration file.
  - Via Azure Workload Identity. To use Azure Workload Identity, enable Azure Workload Identity on your cluster, add the required label and annotation to the service account and the required pod label.
```

>   - Via Azure Workload Identity. To use Azure Workload Identity, you'll need to enable Azure Workload Identity on your cluster, add the required label and annotation to the service account and the required pod label.

Reviewer: This last point is unclear to me. Are you adding the required label, annotation, and pod label to the service account? Or are you adding the required label and annotation to the service account and required pod label?

### Sample configuration

#### Access key

> This sample configuration shows how to set up Azure blob storage using Helm charts and an access key from Kubernetes secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample configuration shows how to set up Azure Blob Storage using Helm charts and an access key from Kubernetes secrets.
```

Author: I've added a list in an effort to make it more clear

- A storage account name specified either in the configuration file as `storage_account_name` or in the `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` environment variable
- One of the following credentials for accessing the storage account:
  - A storage account access key specified either in the configuration file as `storage_account_key` or in the `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` environment variable.
  - An Azure managed identity that is either system or user-assigned. To use Azure managed identities, either set `use_managed_identity` to `true` in the configuration file or set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity you want to use.
    - For a system-assigned managed identity, you do not need to perform additional configurations.
    - For a user-assigned managed identity, set `user_assigned_id` to the client ID for the managed identity in the configuration file.
  - Via Azure Workload Identity. To use Azure Workload Identity:
    - Enable Azure Workload Identity on your cluster
    - Add the required label and annotation to the service account
    - Add the required pod label

### Sample configuration

#### Access key

> This sample configuration shows how to set up Azure blob storage using Helm charts and an access key from Kubernetes secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample configuration shows how to set up Azure Blob Storage using Helm charts and an access key from Kubernetes secrets.
```

    container_name: mimir-ruler
```

#### Azure Workload Identity

> Here is an example config for using Azure Workload Identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example configuration for using Azure Workload Identity.
```

```yaml
---
common:
  storage:
    backend: azure
    azure:
      account_name: mimirprod
      endpoint_suffix: "blob.core.windows.net"

blocks_storage:
  azure:
    container_name: mimir-blocks

alertmanager_storage:
  azure:
    container_name: mimir-alertmanager

ruler_storage:
  azure:
    container_name: mimir-ruler

serviceAccount:
  create: true
  name: mimir-storage
  annotation:
    "azure.workload.identity/use: "true"
  labels:
    "azure.workload.identity/use: "true"

global:
  podlabels:
    "azure.workload.identity/use: "true"
```

> _note: federated token is not supported with Mimir unlike with Tempo_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Unlike with Tempo, federated tokens are not supported with Mimir.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

Reviewer: I think we should use our standard format for admonitions per https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/shortcodes/#admonition
